and hello everyone welcome to this
little explanatory vod of what is
going to korea right now quite
so nuts the ogm spring are going
restart
and all that together with the
competition that had taken over a
few clubs master's competition two
structures
for example there are a lot of equipped
still and who have line up and that's
structures that competes with
line-up here and that make him face it
end who faces a structure like that
that's it and so in fact we have
the two competitions that are going to
ride for a while
since we have housed m so the others
champions what will be on wednesday the
Friday on Saturday from 11am on
at the gaming did that and the clubs
master's them who continue so the
Thursday and Sunday and Sunday as soon as
10:30 Sunday at 18h since we had
changed the niche for you exactly
and suddenly that's a big thing
program for for coming korea
in a few months on gaming we
wanted to announce the groups when
even water gene spring noah then
group a we have the four
terrorist hours not the tiguan skt
the sk tetouan s
the four terror rutted hours and
the optimus bonus to his new team
So come on that's it we still do not know what
who gives next will discover in
the team b we have the frost the im
a then frost iem an ozone
yes and midas fio his emile room to
if still new team come
locations in the group we have the
weasels the swords the blue and the
falcons this and in the group of
shield so I imagine shield the storm
the blades and the im 2 that's no because
that j best-of it's cheap storm
yes because we had a galley for 15 years
to memorize the groups finally way
there is dead interest alive behind the
camera
hi here we could not spend the
video without a voice tell it tackle this
anecdote of madness how will it work
on gaming as usual all that
regards the agreement and here we have a
partnership with uncle at genes the
genes suture that organizes the championship
master's clubs and so and who we
necessary to have a subscription anyone
what there you will find no stream
free allogeneic hd whether in
English in Korean Han Chinese and that's
so in fact it will work the same
way we had not dark up
now for those who have not followed
so in fact there is a subscription for
have hd and access to all
bikes of the good guys who will really go there
have a lot of games over 90
upcoming matches in korea for for everything
the contents
so that's a lot of vod and
rediff in hd too and so for
otherwise there will be a free sim in 360
for 390 480 580 480 so free in
480 for those with pockets a little
pierced this is exactly and so do not hesitate
not to subscribe if you want us
support or coming stream follow them
so follow the stream simply
it's very nice it's late morning
on the gaming we are fresh and where everything goes
pretty much this round the meal of the 11th
hours 15 hours for ogm and for
master's clubs and from 10:30 to 14:30
exactly so here are plenty of
content coming we thank you for
we have followed and on Thursday
but sorry Wednesday 1st match 11 am
and we start with the keys against
aces exactly information of importance
capital city
noah I leave you the last word of
this video he thank you to all jambonnade
at the oil bar